Fix/etp 53 thousand as decimal display (#1545)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [4.11.2] TBD =

> * Fix - Price formatting method to prevent incorrect display when a comma is used as the decimal separator [ETP-53]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Price formatting method now correctly prevents incorrect display when a comma is used as the decimal separator. [ETP-53]
```
